feat: support Vercel AI SDK 5 Beta (#189)
run-llama/chat-ui: docs/chat-ui/core-components.mdx

## ChatMessage

> Individual message component with full message parts support and role-based rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual message component which renders, the avatar, the content and actions of a message.
```

}
```

### Message Structure

> Messages now use a parts-based system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Message data structure stores the content of a message in so called parts:
```

#### ChatMessage.Content

> Main content area with message parts support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main content area which configures a couple of renders for specific message parts:
```

</ChatMessage.Actions>
```

### Message Parts

> The content system now supports multiple message part types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different renderers available for each part in the message:
```
